setup/requirements: add comment parsing, comment version pins (#185)
vathes/map-ephys: requirements.txt

h5py
globus-sdk
tifffile

> pandas==1.2.3		# updates will require python update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pandas==1.2.3 # (requires python 3.7+) - pandas 1.2+ uses `openpyxl` engine to open `xlsx` files (this is no longer supported with `xlrd`)
```

Author: good idea, added & expanded further.
